William Samoei Ruto the current president of Kenya is the face of evil, a blood thirsty maniac and a corrupt dictator, a manipulative lier who hides in the shadows of religion and public sympathy . He executes anyone who challenges his rise to power, he doesn’t value human life, anyone that has posed a threat to his presidency or power has always disappeared from the face of the planet in unknown circumstances. From Jacob Juma to General Ogola and the demonstrators who were shot down in cold blood during the recent anti-government protests.
 
He thrives in lies, he has not done any good for the country throughout his tenure as the president. Always lying about government projects and relaunching projects done by his predecessors then claiming to be his. He has lost his aura and therefore faces heckling when he tries to speak in public. These shows a lot of discontent from the public right left and center. His corrupt policies and leadership have just siphoned away all the public support. This corrupt government led by the narcissistic president has surely failed its citizens for sure, the economy is in shambles, no jobs everywhere, complaints from the public about the cost of living whereas the political class are mismanaging the public funds.
 
When anyone talks about nepotism and tribalism. The president William Ruto comes to mind. He has awarded all the government contracts and jobs to his close associates and allies who aren’t even qualified thereby giving to life the most incompetent cabinet and government officials ever. The country its on its knees :the health sector is down, the education sector is in shambles and the energy sector is in ICU. Power outages everywhere, university funding models that ain’t working leaving most of the comrades to just drop out. Health insurance system that is just meant to siphon funds from the public without great benefits on the other side proving to be a disaster. For sure the president is a certified scammer. A time bomb waiting to explode. Nearly a failed nation guided by his greed for power
 
Kenya is a crime scene. Despite not being wanted by the public, the president is launching ways to try and Rig the next presidential elections. Mass ID card issue and registration of unidentified Somali citizens is one of his many ways. The public are unsatisfied with his policies but he just doesn’t seem to care as long as he is in power. Welcoming unidentified Somali citizens into the country poses a threat to the security of the nation and weakening the passport strength. But so long as he just stays in power the president doesn’t care.
 
For sure he is the worst president Kenya has ever had and his downfall is in the near future. Truly the face of Evil.
 